May/detection rules with one setup doc (#31330)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/cloud_siem/set_conditions_severity_notify_only.md

1. In the **Set severity to** dropdown menu, select the appropriate severity level (`INFO`, `LOW`, `MEDIUM`, `HIGH`, `CRITICAL`).
1. (Optional) In the **Add notify** section, click **Add Recipient** to configure [notification targets][101].

>     - You can also create [notification rules][102] to avoid manual edits to notification preferences for individual detection rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You can create [notification rules][102] to manage notifications automatically, avoiding manual edits for each detection rule.
```
